/*
1.)How to trigger the event?
In order to trigger the event, you have to double click your mouse in any location. I would emphasise double clicking
your mouse and not just single click after single click because a single click by itself, and even with follow up single
clicks, would trigger a "vortex" that eliminates all entities within one unit to the left and right of the mouse point, including
the mouse point. This vortex can be used to end the zombie spawns if clicked directly underneath the purple cloud (spawn point).

2.)What should happen when the event is triggered?
When double clicked, a small 3 by 3 temple/ plat covered by fire obstacles along each corner should appear. Within this temple
exist a 2 by 2 shroud of smoke that surround the center. And within that center exists a mage as the figure head. Also,
any miner within an 8 by 8 radius of the trigger will turn into skeletons. Moreover, I added new ".sav" files, changing
the background of the map by spawning a "graveyard" at the center of the map with a bigger radius.
And within that radius pops up tombstone and fire obstacles. And finally, there will also be a purple cloud right below
the mage which acts as a spawn point for the zombies to start piling into the world.

The zombies have a max count of 20. Or, as mentioned, one can limit the amount by establishing the vortex.

3.)What the affected entities should do?
The affected entities, which are the surrounding miners, turn into skeletons. These new skeleton minors will destroy all
surrounding blacksmiths and then they will burn ore blobs within their proximity. Only when the blacksmiths are gone will
they burn ore blobs within their proximity

4.)What the new entity is and how it should behave?
The new entity is Zombies and this new entity spawns from the purple cloud. It behaves by locating the nearest miners and turning
them into "zombie miners". These new zombie miners also have the same behavior as the zombie spawns and will locate the
nearest miner, turning them into zombie miners.
Other entities such as fire, mage, smoke, and tombstone, behave like the obstacle entity and act as a barrier the "moving entities"
have to go around.

5.)(if applicable) the names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for?
N/A

Side Note-
If you accidentally spawn the vortex first, it will only be an obstacle that the other entities will have to move around.
You can just double click over it,  to spawn the temple as the temple removes anything within a 3 by 3 radius. But I
don't recommend spawning multiple temples to get rid of these vortex cause the temple is meant to exist only once.

*/